👷(ci) add changeset to handle package releases and changelog (#16)
openfun/cunningham: packages/react/src/docs/installation.stories.mdx

import { Canvas, Meta, Story, Source, ArgsTable } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

<Meta title="Getting Started/Installation"/>

# Installation

First, install the library

<Source
  language='bash'
  dark
  format={false}
  code={`
  yarn add @openfun/cunningham-react
  `}
/>

Then, add this script to your `package.json` file

<Source
  language='json'
  dark
  format={false}
  code={`
{
  "scripts": {
    "build-theme": "cunningham -g css -o src"
  },
}
`}
/>

> > Please see [here](https://github.com/openfun/cunningham/tree/main/packages/tokens#configuration-file) for more informations about the `cunningham` command line tool and to customize your local theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please take a look at [tokens documentation(https://github.com/openfun/cunningham/tree/main/packages/tokens#configuration-file) for more informations about the `cunningham` command line tool and how to customize your local theme.
```
